I am a freelance web developer specialised in both front-end and back-end web development.

Hello ,my name is Gyanendra Kumar.
i am a full stack web developer expertise in backend and frontend

I worked on  Analysis & Requirement gathering , Designing,development,Unit Testing and deployment of multiple projects.
I have very 
good experience in Microsoft technologies and open source development and tools.

Feel free to take a look at my most recent projects on my 
work page
.
Also you can stop and say hello at 
rafael@caferati.me

I am freelancing
Wanna talk about a project or hire me for a freelance?
Feel free to contact me via email at 
rafael@caferati.me

or drop a line in the form at the 
contact page

I am moving
I am currently searching for oportunities in London, UK. Wanna talk to me about a project?
Just fill the form below or send an email to 
rafael@caferati.me
 and ~let's talk.


Web UI/UX Designer and Front End Developer Based in Dubai, UAE.
Take a look at some of my works, and if you like them, feel free to contact me.
Let’s create something WOW!

I'm Rakesh Dubai based UI/UX/Web Designer and Front-End Developer.
I am able to work effectively in a team or on my Own. I have demonstrated an ability to lead small Teams and mentor other workers.
 I pride myself on being able to use my knowledge and initiative to deliver high quality results to tight deadlines. 
I enjoy a challenge and look for the opportunity to expand and develop my skill set.
Some people call what I do User Experience Design, some call it Web design, some think I am a Front-End Developer, 
others see me as a UI Designer. I see what I do as a combination of all these things and ultimately don’t think it really matters which 
label you like to use.
What does matter is the output of my work, which is always focused at the point where user, business and technical requirements meet and 
tends to become a perfect product.


Who am I

I am sure you just want to check my work out, so I'll be quick. I am not the smartest, but I am smart. In primary school I was the second 
smartest kid based on an iq test. The first went to an economics college. Me? I studied computer science. After that I started creating stuff for the web.
 Currently, I live in Amsterdam and work for MediaMonks, the biggest creative digital production company on the planet. In the future, who knows?
I'll sure be doing web stuff. Maybe for you.



What I do

I build websites. I specialize in front-end development (HTML5, CSS3, Javascript) but many times I get my hands dirty with some backend (php, MySQL).
 And I love WordPress. If you want to work with me or just say "hey George, what's up?" for no reason what so ever, send me an email.


I’m a freelance front-end developer located in beautiful Nashville, Tennessee. I’ve been making websites since my early days of middle school in 1998 
when frames, tables, and animated GIFs were the cool kids (true!). I’ve been in business since 2008 and work mostly with design agencies and other 
freelancers. I’ve been specializing in front-end development, WordPress, and responsive design for several years now, and enjoy a good coding challenge.
 Subtle CSS3 animations are now a favorite of mine, and I enjoy the little things in life, like browser compatibility and alphabetized CSS rules.
Code organization and semantics are extremely important to me, and I usually end up spending extra time just to rewrite a module to be a little bit
 clearer or easier to find. I’ve guest written for several blogs, spoken and attended events in both the UK and the US, as well as contributed to 
several different side projects. I enjoy staying busy!
