I am a front-end developer, graduate of Internet Technology, and author of CSS3 Foundations. I have 8 years commercial experience working with clients
 from around the world, providing responsive front-end development and WordPress integrations.
Clients often approach me when they need someone with the following skills:
Front-end Development
HTML
CSS
JavaScript
jQuery
AngularJS
Performance
Animation
WordPress Development
Themes
Admin/Plugin Setup
Custom Functionality
The work I provide is of highest quality, fully responsive, and tested in a wide range of devices. I take great care to ensure each project is
 well-documented and easily maintainable so you can enhance a website as your company grows.
Often front-end development of a website is overlooked, but being the part of your project that combines design, back-end development and the layer
 that your users interact with, from my experience, it is the most important to get right.
My clients have found that launching with a well considered and well developed front-end has saved them time and money and makes for a product that 
is consistently of high quality.
Skills
I have many years experience as a front-end developer, creating responsive websites using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
In my past experience as a freelancer and working for agencies I have also obtained an eye for detail and appreciation for design, knowledge of
 integrating with and developing server-side, as well as knowing how to efficiently project manage and work with clients and colleagues successfully.
I now specialise in front-end development and WordPress integrations but my knowledge of multiple fields allows me to work on a project with the full
 scope in mind; simplifying the process of our working together and producing a more cohesive experience for your users.
------------------------------------------
Hello! My name is Pierre Nel, and I'm a London-based freelancer. If I'm not freelancing at some of London's finest digital agencies,
 I'm working remotely on projects for clients all over the world.

I have a diverse set of skills, ranging from design, to HTML + CSS + Javascript, all the way to PHP, custom Drupal module development and 
Linux server administration.
-------------------------------------------------------

I am a web developer from Cape Breton, Nova Scotia and currently living in Halifax. I enjoy building everything from small business sites to
 rich interactive web apps.
 If you are a business seeking a web presence or an employer looking to hire, you can get in touch with me here.
----------------------------------------------------------
I’m a Florida-native now living in Silicon Valley, interested in entrepreneurship and creating scalable web apps with amazingly great UI/UX.

I’m leading product/engineering at Close.io, building a product people love and growing our SaaS business to be something great.

Previously I led the engineering team at Quizlet, building study tools that millions of students relied upon. I’ve also interned at Google and Yahoo! as a software engineer, and did lots of freelance website design while at the University of Florida.

I write in JavaScript, CSS, Python, and PHP. I also can speak to databases and make servers do stuff. I like working on scalability, performance, design, and great user experiences.

------------------------------------

I'm a full stack developer who loves the web. I'm passionate about semantic and standards based development. Efficient code, intuitive user experiences, and pushing CSS3 standards really knock my socks off.
Like many, I started with web development in the world of Geocities and Angelfire. My latest work has expanded into the modern web landscape of responsive design and mobile first methodologies.

In addition to my passion for the web, I also enjoy reading fiction, training for adventure runs, listening to music, and playing soccer. I also have a soft spot for video games. My guilty pleasures are retro platformers and any zombie themed game.

I currently work at COUNTRY Financial where I develop dynamic applications for the web using PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, CSS3, and HTML5.

Role: Full-Stack developer. Remote developer Responsibilities: Creating back-end and front-end, admin page, design, SEO-optimisation, configuring and optimization of the web, SQL servers, site migration, support current features and monitoring website's state. Languages: Ruby 2.1, JavaScript, CoffeeScript Frameworks/Libs: Padrino, Jquery
 Other technologies: SASS, Haml, ActiveRecord, Carrierwave, Poltergeist, Selenium, JSON, Newrelic, Sprockets, Nginx, PostgreSQL, Capistrano Status: Online

=======================

I am a web developer from india and currently living in Bangalore.I enjoy building everything from small business sites to
 rich interactive web apps.